0. "#", 
1. "start", 
2. "end", 
3. "today", 
4. "deviceid", 
5. "Is this a real interview, or are you just practicing?", 
6. "Researcher's name.", 
7. "Location of questionnaire administration.", 
8. "Is this interview done in person or online?", 
9. "Select gender of respondent.", 
10. "Can you confirm your age range?", 
11. "This survey is part of a broader impact evaluation of the IRM project that you are participating in. The goal of this evaluation is to understand how the IRM is impacting survivors’ lives and to determine whether the IRM has achieved its desired outcomes ", 
12. "This first part of the assessment asks about your individual wellbeing in the last two weeks. If you are unsure about which response to give to a question, please choose the one that appears most appropriate. Please listen to each question, think about yo", 
13. "First, how would you rate your overall quality of life? (Quality of life is an overall rating of your life taking into account your physical, psychological well-being, and economic well-being as well as social relationships, and your relation to your envi", 
14. "We're going to start by asking you some questions about the environment within which you live.", 
15. "How safe do you feel in your daily life?", 
16. "How healthy is your physical environment?
(For example: clean, hygienic, enjoyable, comfortable, attractive, pretty)", 
17. "Do you have enough money to meet your needs?", 
18. "How available to you is the information that you need in your day-to-day life? 
(For example: information about transportation, schooling and health services for children, how to access public services like government offices, post offices, social activit", 
19. "To what extent do you have the opportunity for leisure activities? (*Researcher to give examples – visiting friends houses, having coffee/tea with friends/going for walks)
(Watching movies or TV shows, Reading books or magazines, Playing sports or exercis", 
20. "How satisfied are you with the conditions of your living place?", 
21. "In what type of housing do you currently live?", 
22. "How satisfied are you with your access to health services?", 
23. "How satisfied are you with your transport?", 
24. "Thank you. We're now going to ask you some questions specifically about your physical health.", 
25. "How satisfied are you with your health?", 
26. "To what extent do you feel that physical pain prevents you from doing what you need to do?", 
27. "How much do you need any medical treatment to function in your daily life?", 
28. "Do you have enough energy for everyday life?", 
29. "How well are you able to get around physically? In other words, how physically mobile are you?  [Note to researchers: this refers to physical health and disabilities.]", 
30. "How satisfied are you with your sleep?", 
31. "How satisfied are you with with your ability to perform your daily life activities?", 
32. "How satisfied are you with your capacity for work?", 
33. "The following questions ask you about emotions, moods, thoughts, and behaviours in the past two weeks to better understand your psychological health.", 
34. "How much do you enjoy life?", 
35. "To what extent do you feel your life to be meaningful?", 
36. "How well are you able to concentrate?", 
37. "How comfortable do you feel with your bodily appearance?", 
38. "How satisfied are you with yourself?", 
39. "In the last two weeks, how often have you had negative feelings such as blue mood, despair, anxiety, depression?", 
40. "Over the past two weeks, did thoughts about a traumatic event frequently enter your mind?", 
41. "Were you frequently disturbed by dreams of a traumatic event?", 
42. "Did reminders of a traumatic event cause you to feel intense distress?", 
43. "Did you try to block out thoughts or emotions related to a traumatic event?", 
44. "Did you try to avoid activities, places, or people that reminded you of a traumatic event?", 
45. "Did you have intense memories, where it felt like you were reliving a traumatic event?", 
46. "Did you keep your guard up because of having experienced a traumatic event?", 
47. "Were you nervous and easily startled because of having experienced a traumatic event?", 
48. "Thinking back through all the questions I have asked so far since the beginning of the interview, to what extent do you think your responses have been influenced by your experience of detention?", 
49. "Similarly, to what extent do you think your responses have been influenced by your experiences as a refugee in Turkiye?", 
50. "And finally, to what extent do you think your responses have been influenced by the earthquake?", 
51. "Thank you very much. Before we move on to the next topic, I'd like to ask two more questions.", 
52. "To what extent has the earthquake made it more difficult for you to overcome your experience of detention?", 
53. "To what extent have your experiences as a refugee in Turkiye made it more difficult for you to overcome your experience of detention?", 
54. "Thank you very much. Before we proceed to the next section, I’d like to ask you how you are feeling, and if you’d like a little break? Otherwise, would you like to continue? In this part of the questionnaire, we would like to know more about your social r", 
55. "Are you currently supporting or providing for any relatives?", 
56. "To what extent do you currently feel financially able to support and provide for your family?", 
57. "To what extent do your family responsibilities make you feel overwhelmed?", 
58. "How many of your friends, family members and acquaintances are you in regular contact with at the moment? [note for data collector: this refers to how strong their social network is at the moment of the interview]", 
59. "How has the IRM project impacted your social relationships?", 
60. "How many people can you really count on when you need help?", 
61. "How satisfied are you with the support you receive from friends, family members and acquaintances?", 
62. "To what extent has the IRM project contributed to improving the support you receive from friends, family members and acquaintances?", 
63. "Do you think the IRM project has improved the acceptance of detention within family and or community members?", 
64. "How often do you feel gossiped about?", 
65. "How often do you feel excluded from social gatherings or activities?", 
66. "Have you felt more respected or valued in your community since participating in the project?", 
67. "Can you explain a bit more about this? (for the data collector: related to questions on gossip, exclusion and respect from community)", 
68. "To what extent do you trust people who have not had the same experience as you?", 
69. "We are now going to ask you some questions specifically about the project, and your participation.", 
70. "How well informed do you feel about this project for interim reparative measures?", 
71. "Please explain.", 
72. "To what extent do you feel that survivors have contributed to the conceptualisation, design and implementation of this project for interim reparative measures? In other words, to what extent do you feel that this project is being co-created with survivors", 
73. "Please explain.2", 
74. "To what extent do you feel you have personally contributed to the conceptualisation, design and implementation of this project for interim reparative measures?", 
75. "Please explain.3", 
76. "Have you personally had the opportunity to specify which individual interim reparative measures you would like to receive?", 
77. "Please explain.4", 
78. "What challenges did you face participating in the project?", 
79. "To what extent do you feel represented by the project's Steering Committee?", 
80. "Please explain.5", 
81. "Do you feel that people handling this process know your personal story?", 
82. "Have the people involved in this process treated you with respect?", 
83. "Do you trust the people involved in this process?", 
84. "Would you like to provide any feedback on the people involved in this process? Remember this survey is anonymous.", 
85. "Has engaging with this process of getting and receiving interim reparative measures created security concerns for you?", 
86. "What would make you feel safer?", 
87. "We are nearly finished! In this final section, we have a few questions specifically about the impact of your participation in the project so far.", 
88. "Are you satisfied with the results of the IRM project?", 
89. "Do you think the IRM project has improved your physical wellbeing?", 
90. "Can you explain? How did the project improved your physical wellbeing? Or why did it not?", 
91. "Do you think the IRM project has improved your mental wellbeing?", 
92. "Can you explain? How did the project improved your mental wellbeing? Or why did it not?", 
93. "Do you think the IRM project has improved your financial situation?", 
94. "Can you explain? How did the project improved your financial wellbeing? Or why did it not?", 
95. "Do you think the IRM project has increased your family's wellbeing?", 
96. "Can you explain? How did the project improved your family wellbeing? Or why did it not?", 
97. "The next few questions are about your opinion of recognition and justice.", 
98. "Has participation in the project for interim reparative measures made you feel recognised?", 
99. "Can you explain? How did the project made you feel recognized? Or why did it not?", 
100. "Has participation in the project for interim reparative measures given you a sense of justice?", 
101. "Can you explain? How did the project gave you a sense of justice or why did it not?", 
102. "To what degree can increased recognition contribute to a sense of justice?", 
103. "Do you believe that your sense of dignity has increased because you are participating in the project for interim reparative measures?", 
104. "Can you explain? How has your sense of dignity increased or why did it not?", 
105. "What has been the most significant impact of the IRM project on your life? [Note to researchers: please take the time to properly write down what the survivor says.]", 
106. "Do you believe that the benefits you gained from this project will be sustainable over the long term?", 
107. "Is there anything else that you think it is important for me to know about your participation in this process?", 
108. "Many thanks for your participation.", 
109. "audit", 
110. "audit_URL", 
111. "How has the support provided through this project impacted your self-worth or self-esteem?", 
112. "_id", 
113. "_uuid", 
114. "_submission_time", 
115. "_validation_status", 
116. "_notes", 
117. "_status", 
118. "_submitted_by", 
119. "__version__", 
120. "_tags", 
121. "_index", 
